README.md, before:

<div align="center" id="user-content-toc">

<img src="assets/profile_banner.png" alt="Banner" border=1px/>

I'm a **full stack developer** passionate about:

🌟 Making open-source more accessible.  
🌟 Building technology to empower people.  
🌟 Fostering strong and inclusive communities.


## 🥐 About Me




<img src="assets/workkspace.png" alt="Workspace" align="right" width="300" />


<p align="left">🌱 I’m currently working on <b>Interview Simulation</b></p>
<p align="left">🐛 I'm Currently creating <b>unique bugs.</b></p>
<p align="left">🤝 I’m looking to <b>collaborate on projects</b></p>
<p align="left">🎮 I love playing <b>video games</b> and <b>watching movies.</b></p>
<p align="left">⚡ Fun fact: I have broken humour</p>
<p align="left">🔪 <b>Tabs</b> over spaces</p>
<p align="left">💬 Ask me about <b>anything</b></p>
<p align="left">~~~</p>




## 🚀 Languages and Tools

<div style="display: flex; justify-content: center; gap: 20px; flex-wrap: wrap;">

<a href="https://skillicons.dev">
  <img src="https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=git,python,js,ts,react,nodejs,django,flask,mysql,kotlin,html,css" alt="Skills Icons" />
</a>

</div>

## 📊 GitHub Stats

<div style="display: flex; justify-content: center; gap: 10px; flex-wrap: no-wrap;">
    <img height=175 width=350 alt="GitHub Stats" src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=SteliosGee&show_icons=true&count_private=true&theme=dark" />&nbsp;&nbsp;
    <img height=175 width=350 alt="Most Used Languages" src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=SteliosGee&theme=dark" />&nbsp;&nbsp;
</div>

## 🏆 Achievements

**Full Stack Dev Cerification** at [**Workearly**](https://www.workearly.gr)
<br>
<img src="assets/w_fullStack.png" alt="Certification" width="400" />


## 📬 Contact

Let's connect and build something!  
📧 **Email:** [stelios.galegalidis@gmail.com](mailto:stelios.galegalidis@gmail.com)  
💼 **LinkedIn:** [Stelios Galegalidis](https://www.linkedin.com/in/stelios-galegalidis-59b448220/)

<img src="https://komarev.com/ghpvc/?username=SteliosGee&color=blueviolet" alt="Profile Views" />

</div>

Commit message:

docs: add contributions section to README

README.md, after:

<div align="center" id="user-content-toc">

<img src="assets/profile_banner.png" alt="Banner" border=1px/>

I'm a **full stack developer** passionate about:

🌟 Making open-source more accessible.  
🌟 Building technology to empower people.  
🌟 Fostering strong and inclusive communities.


## 🥐 About Me




<img src="assets/workkspace.png" alt="Workspace" align="right" width="300" />


<p align="left">🌱 I’m currently working on <b>Interview Simulation</b></p>
<p align="left">🐛 I'm Currently creating <b>unique bugs.</b></p>
<p align="left">🤝 I’m looking to <b>collaborate on projects</b></p>
<p align="left">🎮 I love playing <b>video games</b> and <b>watching movies.</b></p>
<p align="left">⚡ Fun fact: I have broken humour</p>
<p align="left">🔪 <b>Tabs</b> over spaces</p>
<p align="left">💬 Ask me about <b>anything</b></p>
<p align="left">~~~</p>




## 🚀 Languages and Tools

<div style="display: flex; justify-content: center; gap: 20px; flex-wrap: wrap;">

<a href="https://skillicons.dev">
  <img src="https://skillicons.dev/icons?i=git,python,js,ts,react,nodejs,django,flask,mysql,kotlin,html,css" alt="Skills Icons" />
</a>

</div>

## 📊 GitHub Stats

<div style="display: flex; justify-content: center; gap: 10px; flex-wrap: no-wrap;">
    <img height=175 width=350 alt="GitHub Stats" src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=SteliosGee&show_icons=true&count_private=true&theme=dark" />&nbsp;&nbsp;
    <img height=175 width=350 alt="Most Used Languages" src="https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=SteliosGee&theme=dark" />&nbsp;&nbsp;
</div>

## 🏆 Achievements

**Full Stack Dev Cerification** at [**Workearly**](https://www.workearly.gr)
<br>
<img src="assets/w_fullStack.png" alt="Certification" width="400" />


## 🤝 Contributions

I have contributed to the following projects:

- [**quicksnip**](https://github.com/dostonnabotov/quicksnip)

## 📬 Contact

Let's connect and build something!  
📧 **Email:** [stelios.galegalidis@gmail.com](mailto:stelios.galegalidis@gmail.com)  
💼 **LinkedIn:** [Stelios Galegalidis](https://www.linkedin.com/in/stelios-galegalidis-59b448220/)

<img src="https://komarev.com/ghpvc/?username=SteliosGee&color=blueviolet" alt="Profile Views" />

</div>
